Migrated code from examples (#1)
deephaven/action-assert-dh-tables-present: README.md

# action-assert-dh-tables-present

> This action validates the presence of Deephaven tables within a workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action asserts the presence of Deephaven tables with specific names within a running Deephaven instance.
```

## Parameters

| Parameter | Description | Required |
|--|--|--|
| table-names | A string containing a comma separated list of table names to check. | Yes |
| host | The host name of the Deephaven instance. Defaults to `envoy`. | No |

> | project-name | The docker-compose project name to bundle separate docker-compose files | Yes |

Reviewer: See comments in `action.yml`.

## Example

```

> - name: Validate tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Assert Deephaven tables are present
```

  uses: deephaven/action-assert-dh-tables-present@main
  with:
    table-names: "source,result"

>     host: "envoy"

Reviewer: I don't think this needs quoting

Author: Does the same either way, I'll remove the quotes since that's a little cleaner

>     project-name: test-tables

Reviewer: needed?

Author: Are you asking if this parameter is needed? It is

# action-assert-dh-tables-present

This action asserts the presence of Deephaven tables with specific names within a running Deephaven instance.

## Parameters

| Parameter | Description | Required |
|--|--|--|
| table-names | A string containing a comma separated list of table names to check. | Yes |
| host | The host name or IP address of the Deephaven instance. | Yes |

> | docker-compose-project-name | The docker-compose project name for the assertion. | Yes |

Reviewer: I still don't think we need this in the final design, but we can talk about it.
